ENH kind accept a list of str in plot_partial_dependence (#19438)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

:mod:`sklearn.inspection`
.........................

- |Enhancement| Allow multiple scorers input to
  :func:`~sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance`.
  :pr:`19411` by :user:`Simona Maggio <simonamaggio>`.

- |Enhancement| in :func:`~sklearn.inspection.plot_partial_dependence`, allow

>   `kind` to accept a list of strings to specify for each feature interaction
>   which type of plot a user wants to draw.

Reviewer: would this be clearer? (the current one is fine too anyway)

```suggestion
  `kind` to be specified on a per-plot basis
```

Reviewer 2: I find the current one more informative (even if a tad complex).

  :pr:`19438` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

> - |Fix| in :func:`~sklearn.inspection.plot_partial_dependence`, be lenient and
>   only raise a warning when passing `kind='both'` or `kind='individual'` with a
>   mix of 1- and 2-way partial dependence in `features`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| in :func:`~sklearn.inspection.plot_partial_dependence`, instead of raising
  an error, asking for ICE plots (`kind='both'` or `kind='individual'`) on a 2-way
  plot will use regular PDP and raise a warning.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 for accepting this suggestion.
